Promise I already know everything
Can you give me another chance?
Even you dare
Little think of our sister overreaching
This is the little sister's own business.
Let him decide for himself
I don't know.
From today onwards
The Lu Group will be handed over to you.
Brother, I have no management experience.
I really can't
What if the company management goes bankrupt?
You can rely on your own abilities
Won the toughest riverside garden project in the industry
This shows that your ability is outstanding enough
You have to believe in yourself.
Brother, I really can't
Will you stay with me?
Don't be afraid.
Anyway, our Lu family can have today's status
The bottom is by no means the only industry of Lu Enterprises Group
Bankrupt is bankrupt
Brother, what are you talking about?
I'm kidding.
Big brother has confidence in you. Come on.